*Bootstrap Script Documentation*
Overview

This script is designed for bootstrapping a fresh Ubuntu install. It automates the installation of various packages and tools, making the setup process faster and more efficient. It is suitable for both server and non-server environments and allows customization through command-line arguments.
Usage

    Basic Usage: ./bootstrap.sh
    With Argument: ./bootstrap.sh [isServer]
        isServer: Boolean value (true or false). Set to true for a server environment setup.

Features

    Dotfiles Setup:
        Clones a specified repository containing dotfiles and copies its contents, including hidden files and directories, to the user's home directory.

    System Update and Clean Up:
        Performs an initial update and upgrade of the system packages.
        Runs autoremove to clean up any unnecessary packages.

    Package Installation:
        Installs a set of predefined packages based on the environment (server or non-server).

    Additional Tools and Configurations:
        Sets up oh-my-zsh, Vundle for Vim, TPM (Tmux Plugin Manager), and Zsh plugins like zsh-autosuggestions and zsh-syntax-highlighting.
        Installs Golang.

Packages Installed
Common Packages for All Environments:

    git, net-tools, neofetch, htop, btop, lm-sensors, plocate, samba, docker.io, neovim, zsh, thefuck, ffmpeg, whois, pandoc, autossh, rsync, sysstat, nethogs, jq, gnupg, openssh-client, openssh-server, tmux, gzip, nmap, screen, speedometer, speedtest-cli, zip, unzip, unrar, wget, curl, highlight.

Non-Server Specific Packages:

    manpages, groff, tty-clock, ghci, cabal-install, make, firefox, thunderbird, filezilla, vlc, ansiweather, flameshot, mumble, freecad, kicad, gnuplot, handbrake, texlive-full, ngspice, nginx, obs-studio, openttd, qrencode, gimp, inkscape, steam, suckless-tools, valgrind, units, transmission, wireshark, glances, ripgrep, iotop, iftop, ufw, fail2ban, mc, ncdu, ranger, python3-pip, build-essential, git-lfs.

Snap Packages for Non-Server Setup:

    0ad

Additional Information

    The script checks if it's being run for a server or non-server environment and adjusts the package installation accordingly.
    It includes error handling to stop execution if any critical operation fails.
    Customizations like dotfiles cloning and Zsh setup are included for enhanced user experience.

Future Improvements (TODOs)

    Bind flameshot gui to the print screen.
    Consider moving to Antigen for Zsh plugin management.
    Add dynamic handling of server/non-server environments based on command-line arguments.
    SSH Configuration: Configure SSH for secure remote access.
    Automatic Backup with Rsync: Set up a system for regular backups using rsync.
    IPTables Bootstrapping: Implement initial setup for IPTables or UFW for firewall management.
    Kubernetes (k8s) Bootstrapping: Set up basic Kubernetes cluster configuration.
